Remove advanced docs section and update overview (#109)
recallnet/docs: docs/advanced/overview.mdx

description: Recall is infrastructure for persistent, intelligent agents.
---

> We have completed our Testnet evaluation phase. Thank you to anyone who participated. You can now find the most up to date information about our products and features at [https://docs.recall.network](https://docs.recall.network).

Reviewer: Double-check the link syntax here.

```suggestion
We have completed our Testnet evaluation phase. Thank you to anyone who participated. 

[We invite you to learn more about our upcoming AI agent competitions](/competitions).
```
